Source: https://www.mansgreback.com/pua

Unlicensed software

This agreement applies to all use of the fonts OUTSIDE of the Commercial License, and has to be read and understood before downloading, using, saving, unpacking, receiving or installing any software outside of the proper channel to access the commercial version with accompanying license. If you have bought and own a Commercial License, please read the EULA.

The Product here means font files, image files, all accompanying files, data and materials created by Måns Grebäck. All and any software and intellectual property mentioned and referred to here are copyrighted by Mans Greback AB under WIPO legislation and by European Union Copyright Directive OJ L 376, 27.12.2006, p. 28–35 Article 1–16 and United States Copyright Law 17 U.S. Code CHAPTER 2 § 201–205. 

By downloading, using, saving, unpacking, receiving or installing the product the user agrees to each paragraph below. If you do not accept any of these paragraphs, do not use, download or install the product.

1. The user agrees not to sell, share, distribute or send the product to other persons or computers, nor upload on Internet or any network whatsoever.
2. The user will not recreate, imitate or base own work on the product.
3. The user agrees not to use this font in any commercial or profit making contexts, or in any relation to anything/anyone striving for profitability.
4. The user will not in any way lie about, try to explain away or cover up misuse of the product. This includes ignoring or giving false answers to questions about origin of the font, rights, and possession of the license.
5. The user understand that removing an illegal commercial use or other misuse of an unlicensed version of the product will be viewed as an attempt to cover up misuse if not immediately reported to Måns Grebäck.
6. The user takes full responsibility of all use and misuse, and by not following this agreement, the user agrees to pay any penalty charge calculated by Måns Grebäck as well as eventual legal costs, as per 17 U.S. Code CHAPTER 5 § 501–513 and E.U. Directive 2004/48/EC Section 6 Article 13–14. 

A Commercial License is required for all public media. If you’re considering using the product commercially without a license or in any other way breach this agreement, please think again.

Both the software user and end-user have the obligation to actively verify where and how you can use the product, whether you are hiring a designer, are hired by another party or are the direct user of the product. In no case will a wrongful usage be overlooked, such as in the case of ignorance of this agreement, read-me documents, notes and other descriptions included with the product. 

For any uncertainties, obtain the Commercial License, or you will have full responsibility of any misunderstanding.
